doc: add config specification (#94)
babylonlabs-io/rollup-bsn-contracts: docs/CONFIG.md

# Rollup BSN Contract – Configuration Specification

## Overview
This document defines the parameters accepted during instantiation
of the Rollup BSN contract. Each parameter is described in terms of
its role within the system, expected format, and configuration considerations.
These values are set once at deployment and directly influence the contract’s behavior and validation rules.

> To learn how to instantiate the contract, see the [deployment guide](./deployment-integration.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information on instantiating and operating the finality contract,
see the [deployment guide](./deployment-integration.md).
```

### Instantiation Parameters

The following parameters must be provided when deploying the Rollup BSN
contract:

- `admin`: Babylon Genesis address of the contract administrator
- `bsn_id`: Unique identifier for the BSN rollup
- `allowed_finality_providers`: List of BTC public keys authorized to submit
  finality signatures and randomness
- `bsn_activation_height`: Rollup block height at which finality becomes
  active
- `finality_signature_interval`: Interval (in rollup blocks) that determines
  which blocks are eligible for finality signatures
- `min_pub_rand`: Minimum number of public randomness values submitted per
  commit
- `rate_limiting_interval`: Block interval used to enforce rate limiting on
  finality provider messages
- `max_msgs_per_interval`: Maximum number of messages a finality provider can
  submit within a rate limiting interval

The section below defines each parameter in detail. It includes the expected
format, its purpose within the system, and configuration considerations.

---

#### `admin`

> The Babylon address with administrative control over the contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Babylon Genesis address with administrative control over the contract.
```

> This address is authorized to perform privileged actions such as modifying the

Reviewer: Shall we note that this address can also be the governance of Babylon Genesis but this might lead to slow modifications and reaction times?

allow-list, pausing the contract, or executing other administrative operations.

> It is critical to secure this key and assign it to a trusted entity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is critical to secure this key and assign it to a trusted entity (e.g., a multi-sig).
```
